Update Safari settings for iOS 17 (#2338)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/mobile-browsers.md

    [:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://www.apple.com/safari/){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
    [:octicons-eye-16:](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/safari/){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
    [:octicons-info-16:](https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/welcome/mac){ .card-link title=Documentation}

#### Recommended Configuration

These options can be found in :gear: **Settings** → **Safari**

##### Profiles

All of your cookies, history, and website data will be separate for each profile. You should use different profiles for different purposes e.g. Shopping, Work, or School.

> ##### Cross-Site Tracking Prevention
> 
> - [x] Enable **Prevent Cross-Site Tracking**
> 
> This enables WebKit's [Intelligent Tracking Protection](https://webkit.org/tracking-prevention/#intelligent-tracking-prevention-itp). The feature helps protect against unwanted tracking by using on-device machine learning to stop trackers. ITP protects against many common threats, but it does not block all tracking avenues because it is designed to not interfere with website usability.
> 
> ##### Locked Private Tabs
> 
> This setting allows you to lock your private tabs behind biometrics/PIN when not in use.
> 
> - [x] Enable **Require Face ID to Unlock Private Browsing**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Privacy & Security

- [x] Enable **Prevent Cross-Site Tracking**

    This enables WebKit's [Intelligent Tracking Protection](https://webkit.org/tracking-prevention/#intelligent-tracking-prevention-itp). The feature helps protect against unwanted tracking by using on-device machine learning to stop trackers. ITP protects against many common threats, but it does not block all tracking avenues because it is designed to not interfere with website usability.

- [x] Enable **Require Face ID to Unlock Private Browsing**

    This setting allows you to lock your private tabs behind biometrics/PIN when not in use.
```
